want to know what heating up in theaters
this weekend the fate of the universe
lies in your shoulders so what came in
the galaxy again the team is back for
more space action in guardians of the
galaxy vol 2
Uncas no why can't you just be a person
because she's not a lousy mom she's a
boy in three generations a young woman's
decision forces a family to come
together something's got to change
I'm done with being an exception
everybody knows I'm an idiot all right
tough guy I'm a Debra Winger stars
in the lovers about a married couple
falling in love right before their
divorce so you're screwing your wife now
as if see with hot in theaters with this
week's anticipation
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]